About valence comparisons across images.

Overall, all images get more food-related words than culture-related ones.
This is not surprising because food is the central concrete object in the
images, whereas culture is abstract and only implied by the kinds of food.
It doesn't seem likely that a worker would fail to identify the images as 
containing food, but it seems likely that many would not be aware of the
culture implied by the specific dishes and symbols in the images.

Looking at the numbers of food- and culture-related words for each image, its
clear that on the whole, some images elecit more words of a particular 
orientation than others, regardless of which treatment we look at.  
For example, the first test image is closest to having balanced number of 
cultur- and food-oriented words,  while image 4 elicits the greatest absolute
excess of food-related words. 

It is 
intuitively appealing to say that these images are `inherently more cultural',
but of course, the relative culture- and food-signal in the labels is a 
property of both the images and overall population of workers.  With the 
understanding that it is shorthand, we will refer to images that elicit more 
cultural labels in the context of this experiment as having 
``more cultural signal''.

As one might expect, when comparing the CULT_img,x to the
other treatments, with respect to labels for the first test image, we see a 
dramatic excess of culture-orieted words, and a relative lack of food-related 
words.  But to what degree is this sustained throughout the test images?  
The CULT_img,x treatments do produce consistently less food-signal 
than and consistently more culture-signal compared to the AMBG treatment for 
all images.  But after the first image, these differences are slight, and 
taken individually do not give a $\alpha=0.95$ significance level. However when
pooled together, owing to the consistent direction of deviation
 (having always more culture- and less food-signal), these differences 
\textit{are} significant when pooled even if when we leave out the first image.
\td{verify, make fig}

We take this to indicate that the main priming effect which drew the attention
of CULT_img,x workers toward culture is nearly erased after exposure to one
test image, although a residual effect remains.  One obstruction to this 
conclusion.

Having observed a strong effect due to image-based priming, do we see a
comparable effect for workers primed by being shown a fictitious funder name? 
Remarkably, the CULT_fund treatment produced consistently \textit{less} 
culture-signal as compared to AMBG for \textit{all} images.  This deviation is 
significant for images 3 and 4 as well as when we pool the labels for all 
images together \td{verify, make fig}.

The INGR_x,y treatments do not show significant deviations from AMBG in terms
of amount of cultural- or food-signal on a per image basis, but we do observe
significant differences when looking at the labels for all test images taken 
together.
\td{verify, make fig}
